Now in this lecture will cover how to actually define the relationship that many to many polymorphic
on older models that are part of this relationship.
So the first thing we have to immediately fix is as I've mentioned or just shown you on The Last Lecture.
I've made a mistake on the tax side.
It's not more.
To many it is actually morphed by many.
So let's fix that.
Fortunately it didn't affect us because we haven't used this relationship yet.
Now we can remove this line as this is no longer needed.
Now the fingers with those relationships many too many polymorphic that if you would like to fetch blog
posts and comments from the tag model you actually have to define two relations separate for each one.
So we need the blog posts and comments.
We use the same method.
But here we have to change it to comment.
You can add or remove this optional with timestamp and us.
We don't really have to use that but well let's just keep it as it is.
So now on the other side we already have the tax relation on the blog post.
So instead of belongs to many this time it will be morph to many.
Now we more of this to the tag model using toggle morph prefix.
We want that with timestamps so this can stay the same.
And now let's copy this relationship and put the same one on their comment model so comments can also
be associated with dogs and their relation is the same because they both relate to the actual tag model
using the tag a ball morph column prefix with timestamps.
So basically we have the relation defined the thing is that this will actually work the same.
We do not really have to make any changes right now.
The only thing that we might do right now is to regenerate regenerate the database.
So let's do that now and see if our application keeps working.
So obviously we do not have any tax for comments here.
That's not that is not implemented inside the up but you will see that this will just work fine with
all the logic that we actually already have.
So let's open the terminal and run.
Peach bee artisan peach B artisan D.B. seed yes we want to refresh the database and let's regenerate
some data and now let's see if it still works on our application so not is that we didn't have to change
any of our model factories or seeders.
And if you will go to the targetable stable you see that we had some tax associated with luck posts
and it actually understood what it has to do so all of those records now have targetable type specified
as the blog post and also the taxable I.D. is associated.
This is our blog post I.D. If we all go to the app with the refresh data we can see that we have tags
associated with blog posts when we click them to see only the blog posts with the specific tag you can
see everything works out of the box.
So this is just the larval magic it what you only have changed is actually how the relation is defined.
Names stayed the same.
And by just changing the database schema and which method we used to tell Val what kind of relationship
that is.
Everything else works the same.
We didn't really have to change anything.
We still can have a blog post model and access it tax property to fetch all the related tax and it doesn't
really matter to the rest of the larval application.
What kind of relationship that actually is.
So isn't that great.
Now in the next lecture we'll see something that is even better.
So what we will do is we'll now allow users to specify tax for blog posts and comments and what we will
achieve is by simply adding a trait to both blog posts and comment model.
All the tax would be out or magically associated to either blog post or comment by just taking a load
look at what's inside the content of both the blog posts and the comment.
So let's see that in the next lecture.